<div id="top"></div>

<br />

<h3 align="center">Learning Journal 12 May 2022</h3>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#what-did-i-learn-today">What did I learn today?</a></li>
    <li><a href="#my-hobby">My Hobby</a></li>
    <li><a href="#snippets">Snippets</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
    <li><a href="#resource-links">Resource Links</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## What did I learn today? ##
----
<!-- Type what you learnt here -->

**Trying to do up the location searchbar**

I have tried to do the dynamic search bar for location, as I understand that one of the parameter is requiring location or latitude and longitude. Hence, I was a little confused on the requirement of the dynamic location searchbar.

But later on, I think I can create another location search bar component which will have a state based on user's input then I will transfer the state over to the location parameter in the original searchbar component.

**Strategy for tomorrow?**

Will continue to try this dynamic searchbar component and also the typescript practices! Will split 1/2 day for the searchbar component and 1/4 day for the typescript practice and last 1/4 day to try up on the next Udemy training project.

**Doing more exercises for TypeScript**

I realised that I am not very proficient in TypeScript, so I have to spend time to strengthen the foundation of TypeScript. And I am trying to improve on my typing by doing the Exercises on [Exercism.org](https://exercism.org/tracks/typescript/exercises). It is not perfect in their questions clarity but it is free and it can be done using their online editor.

## My Hobby ##
----
<!-- Type Your Message Here -->

**Installing Custom Rom for my Phone**

I used to have a hobby in installing different custom roms which I stopped for quite some time. 

In the past, when personalisation were still pretty much a novelty to me, I used to unlock my phone bootloader irregardless of the warranty period to install custom roms - pure Android or AOSP skinned roms, it gives my phone a look as well as provided me with a whole new experience.

I learnt alot through this journey of flashing roms, I only have experience in flashing for Samsung's and Xiaomi's phone. It is a journey not only filled with exhilaration when the installation turns out well, but also a journey filled with worries and enlightenment when the installation failed and the researches done to resolve.

One of the risk is the voiding of warranty ON TOP OF the risk of bricking your phone. After I hard-bricked one of my phones a few years back, I have stopped flashing roms - it was an expensive mistake. It is only until last weekend, when I started to look back at the community which is surprisingly still booming and active, I decided to give it another go. Another reason of me stopping, is also custom roms are created by dev teams which are doing this as their interests, there are bound to be bugs and functionalities not performing. However, I believe with weekly updates addressing these bug fixes and also the better performance the rom comes with, so I got enticed to return to the custom rom flashing community!

This journey has sure taught me alot of things like patience, resourcefulness and impulsiveness.

I would wish to journal this experience down in my journal despite not being related to the React Native lessons, as this is also part of my learning experience :) 

I would wish to share that, spending some time doing something you are interested in also helps to refresh your soul! So that you can move on further in your learning journey! **Cheers**

## Snippets ##

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments ##
----
* [Anya](https://github.com/huanganya/react-native-starter)
* Janan
* Othneil Drew for this ReadMe template

<!-- Resource Links -->
## Resource Links ##
----

* [Day 24: React Native Restaurant App - Navigation to Single Result](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YHYjEg00tK1dWpwxV0v2FefcmLr-A1OfKVrpPw2DwDU/edit#heading=h.e9flh4v041dw)

* [Day 25: React Native Restaurant App - Navigation to Single Result](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r1bZSt7AudY1e2cr7j6yAAILupXcYy-QbWT_WXlOefU/edit)

* [Understand React Native with Hooks, Context, and React Navigation.](https://nlbsg.udemy.com/course/the-complete-react-native-and-redux-course/learn/lecture/15706480#overview)

* [Hooks API Reference](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html)

* [Custom Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-custom.html)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">Back to top</a>)</p>

